Update `scroll-snap-type` and "Basic concepts of scroll snap" (#29018)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/scroll-snap-type/index.md

- `both`
  - : The scroll container snaps to snap positions in both of its axes independently (potentially snapping to different elements in each axis).
- `mandatory`
  - : The visual viewport of this scroll container must snap to a snap position if it isn't currently scrolled.
- `proximity`

>   - : The visual viewport of this scroll container may snap to a snap position if it isn't currently scrolled. The user agent decides if it snaps or not based on scroll parameters. This is the default snap strictness if any snap axis is specified.

Author: Now it states the default snap strictness explicitly.

> > **Note:** If the content in the snapport is changed (e.g. added, moved, deleted, or resized) or the value of any scroll snap-related properties (e.g. `scroll-snap-type` or `scroll-margin`) is changed, the scroll container will be [resnapped](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-scroll-snap/#re-snap) according to the latest value of `scroll-snap-type`.

Author: The original description for resnapping seems from the first [paragraph](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-scroll-snap/#re-snap) of the spec. However, the spec itself on resnapping is quite incomplete in that it only lists two cases that trigger resnapping, but [WPT](https://wpt.fyi/results/css/css-scroll-snap/snap-after-relayout) shows that there are other conditions that can trigger resnapping.

Due to the complexity of resnapping, I take a simplistic approach to only try to summarize the triggering condition and hide the exact mechanism of resnapping.

> > **Note:** If the content in the snapport is changed (e.g. added, moved, deleted, or resized) or the value of any scroll snap-related properties (e.g. `scroll-snap-type` or `scroll-margin`) is changed, the scroll container will be [resnapped](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-scroll-snap/#re-snap) according to the latest value of `scroll-snap-type`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If the content in the snap port is changed (e.g. added, moved, deleted, or resized) or the value of any scroll snap-related property (e.g. `scroll-snap-type` or `scroll-margin`) is changed, the scroll container will be [resnapped](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-scroll-snap/#re-snap) according to the latest value of `scroll-snap-type`.
```

#### CSS

> ```css hidden

Author: CSS properties irrelevant to scroll snap are hidden now.

.holster {
  display: flex;
  align-items: center;
  justify-content: space-between;
  flex-flow: column nowrap;
  font-family: monospace;
}
.container {
  display: flex;
  margin: 1em auto;
  outline: 1px dashed lightgray;
  flex: none;
  overflow: auto;
}
.container.x {
  width: 100%;
  height: 128px;
  flex-flow: row nowrap;
  overflow-y: hidden;
}
.container.y {
  width: 256px;
  height: 256px;
  flex-flow: column nowrap;
  overflow-x: hidden;

> }

Author: `overflow-*`s are added to remove visual interference from irrelevant axes.
